[Music]
this kid has never been sick
when he goes to the zoo all the animals
are very scared when they see him
become manic the chimp even wanted to
break the glass and attack him
his birth time is even more weird june
6th at six o'clock
this is an unlucky moment in people's
eyes a lot of strange things happened to
him
the boy is called daming on his fifth
birthday
his parents held a grand birthday party
for him suddenly a black dog appeared
the babysitter and the black dog looked
at each other went straight up the roof
with twine around his neck shouted to
daming with a smile on his face
all for you then jump up and jump
this is really weird the guests were
terrified
chaos at the scene father away quickly
picked up and comforted him
but daming is not afraid at all and
waved at the black dog in a distance
a priest came to a way afterwards and
said that daming is the incarnation of
demon
will cause harm to people around you a
way doesn't believe it
turn around and leave the priest told
him daming is not your son
away stopped after listening walked back
again
the priest went on to say damian's
biological mother is actually a jackal
away wanted to give him a kick on the
spot ask the security guard to take away
the gods
away slowly remembered what happened
back then his wife mary was giving birth
away who was a diplomat at the time came
to the hospital quickly
but unfortunately the pastor told him
his son is already dead
this makes a way unacceptable but the
pastor showed him a clear way
he brought away to a room here is an
orphan whose mother was in dystocia
i hope ah can raise him at this moment
away has no choice
he doesn't want his wife to know the
cruel truth so he bought his wife and
adopted the child
named daming with the arrival of daming
away's career is also rising
he was promoted to deputy ambassador but
just when the ambassador is traveling
the time jumps to six six to six
the tanker hit the ambassador's car
gasoline keeps pouring into the car
and was lit by cigarette butts big bz
happened
the ambassador received the box lunch on
the spot
and away was promoted to ambassador
logically but soon the babysitter's
weird thing happened
away quickly made the headlines they
haven't found a suitable babysitter
because of this
a woman from julie came to apply for the
job this day
the couple are very satisfied with
julie's performance left her behind
the next day away's family is going to
church to pray
but something strange happened again
this kid is very weird
originally the family went to church to
pray but when i get closer and closer to
the church
damian's expression is a bit wrong
suddenly he became
very manic keep scratching my mother in
the end
a waze blocking is not scratch mary's
forehead
they also had to return home wife also
had a nightmare that night
dreaming of my son wearing a weird mask
the next day
chili follows the school organization
bring son to the zoo
she found that other children were
unwilling to play with daming even
animals see daming
became very scared even become very
manic
want to break the glass and attack him
scared them to flee
that night mary suggested to take daming
to see a doctor
after all damian has never been sick
since he was born
but away didn't agree he was afraid his
wife would know
daming is not their own that night away
went to visit his sleeping son
but found a black dog in the room
grinning at him and grinning
luckily the nanny julie is here the
black dog calmed down
julie explained that it was brought back
by daming and daming likes it very
much away is very angry he wants someone
to take the dog away
and the other side when the priest was
driven away
was photographed by a reporter when he
was doing photos
found a beam of light on the priest's
head so he found the priest again
take a few shots at the priest the
result of washing out the photos
the priest was directly penetrated by
the light beam the next day
the priest asked a way out again told
him solemnly
daming is the incarnation of demon now
her wife mary is pregnant
very likely to be harmed must completely
end all of this
but away still doesn't believe it and
ask the priest to stay away from their
family
meaning really happened mary who is
taking care of the flower tray
was accidentally hit by daming riding a
scooter falling from a tall building
fell heavily on the floor away hurried
to the hospital
luckily mary saved her life but the
child in the womb was not so lucky
this made a way couldn't help but
believe the priest's words but he found
that the priest died strangely
it turns out that after a way left that
day the priest heard the cry of baby l
he panicked knowing that the demon is
going to retaliate
rushed to the church but the door was
locked at this time
a bolt of lightning hit the top floor
fence the broken iron pillar fell
straight down
the priest's body has penetrated got a
box lunch on the spot one right got a
box lunch on the spot
at this time the reporter found a way
told him his findings
photos taken by this reporter the nanny
has a beam like a rope on his neck
and the babysitter really put on the
twine from s the priest was penetrated
by a beam of light
as a result the priest was really
penetrated by the iron pillar
and there is a 666 symbol on the
priest's body
they came to the priest's house to
investigate found that it was plastered
with bibles
i learned from the priest's diary on
june 6 5 years ago
taste a comet descending on the earth
the pope immediately called a religious
assembly
[Music]
at the same time daming was also born at
that time
this confuses a way could it be said
that daming is really a demon
the reporter also took out a photo the
shot inside is the reporter himself
there is also a beam of light on his
neck he was very afraid that he would be
like the priests and others
so they came to the hospital that year
it's a pity that there was a fire that
year
all data has been burned under the
guidance of the nun
they came to the graveyard of daming's
biological mother went away opened the
tomb
found that there were wolf-like bones
inside it seems that dami's biological
mother is really a jackal
and the other side naturally he is away
his biological son
but shown by the bones my own child back
then
was killed by the believers of the demon
so the two came to the holy city
find the person mentioned by the priest
get the holy sword of sherry's demon sun
from him
i also learned that there will be a 666
symbol on the demon
maybe hidden in hair but away still
can't do it
threw away the holy sword reporters
don't think so
for my own life he decided to do it
himself
but at this moment the maintenance
worker on the roof accidentally dropped
his hammer
the hammer broke the iron frame the iron
frame fell down
the iron frame fell and the reporter who
just stood up
got a box lunch on the spot the light
beam of the photo is also fulfilled
away woke up immediately and that night
away also received a message from his
wife
it turns out that the nanny julie took
advantage of away's absence
see by visiting injection of d medicine
will harm mary s
now away fully understands he returned
home
cut off daming's hair with scissors 666
symbol found
at this time julie attacked from behind
but after all
away was born in the military stunned
julie soon
away picked up daming and stuffed it
into the car sparks with lightning
broke the door and went straight to the
church jc who didn't know the door
chased up immediately finally came to
the church
but away still couldn't bear to start
just when he was hesitating
a large number of jc rushed to the scene
open queue to kill away
at the end of a way's funeral the pope
on the other side also left
daming is raised by zf continue to be at
ease in the world
this bad omen is a remake of the film of
the same name in 1976
can't be said to be very scary because
all the movie reviews i've seen said
not as horrible as the original
interested friends can see the original
version
see you next time